---
layout: default
---

TIR Week 5

Title for Blog: I feels Purdy

Learning HTML 5 & CSS 3 has been great this week! I enjoy working more with the “visual” aspect of things and making them “look and feel” a certain way. It’s so amazing how much CSS3 os capable of without even using Javascript. I got lost in all the capabilities and and excited to implement some of the cool features I learned about. I was hoping to have enough time this week to refresh on the Javascript I’ve learned throughout the last 2 weeks but there was not enough time left over to spend on anything besides the topic at hand.

Next week I am looking forward to working with libraries and frameworks such as JQuery, Foundation or Bootstrap and all the other things I have not idea exist at the moment :)
I would love to learn about wire framing and taking a design from concept to completion using these tools! I understand the importance and value that I can add to any project just by understanding how to create pure customized functions with JS but I am just so anxious to breath life into the ideas I currently have and I know the possibilities are endless with the tools already engineered by the tech community.

I am also excited to go back to the tech meet-ups that I’ve missed for a while, I have RSVP’d to the Front-End Orlando where I learn learn about Scalable Vector Graphic (SVG), which we have not touched on in class but pretty sure it’ll come in handy as well as another meet-up with Orlando JS to learn about the HTML 5 Canvas. Although Javascript and I are on “rough” terms these day I hope to make friends and have it love me just as much as I would like to love it...

My weeks struggle: Not having the extra time to get the Javascript practice I intended to put in this week while learning about HTML and CSS3.

Lesson learned: When working with HTML and CSS3, put more time towards the functionality of the work than the nitty-gritties of appearance because my love for design will steal away my hours in trying to make all Be-u-ti-ful!