---
layout: default
---

Week 1-First Week at The Iron Yard



My first week at The Iron Yard was very exciting. I learned a lot about Github and the very important role it plays in making a development team successful. The staff stressed that we were ALL a team and to make it through we had to help each other -- similar to the real world environment I assume. From my experience when you work in a team and the project fails or misses important deadline because ONE piece of that puzzle wasn't done then the WHOLE  team fails because we did not produce the outcome we aimed for.

It was a bit overwhelming to just hear about all the new tools we would be learning over the course of the Bootcamp such as  Github, Git, Dash, Xcode, and BaseCamp management system just to name a few — along with tutorials on terminal commands, branches, forking, pulling, pushing, merging and so on!

I also got a taste of creating a Github page as a portfolio piece with links to repositories that I’ve forked and blog links. The designer in me REALLY wanted to focus more time on designing the page layouts and such but I have to priorities and take care of whats important today…. tomorrow  is another day and I am excited to get around to designing pages and making them interactive!

I am not a fan of Cloud9 as it depends on internet connection and the connection here is  constantly kicking everyone off but that give me even more determination to take off the C9 training wheels one day and master the terminal!

My weeks struggle: I have not been able to fully understand the constant error messages that I am getting and this keeps me up till the wee hours of the morning.  I am not fully satisfied that I have not grasped a solid working knowledge of working in Cloud9 and deciphering my code.

Lesson learned: Balance your time and focus. Don’t be SO hard on yourself – You are here to LEARN. I spent time stressing about not knowing things right away for no reason. In the end I was able to understand and be comfortable with the “distributed revision control and source code management” we use better known as “Github”.
