---
layout: default
---

TIR Week 6

Title for Blog:  The A-Team 


This week was our first official team project assignment. Although I was a bit nervous on what I would be able to bring to the table I was the first to sign up to be part of the Product Grid team. I signed up for the css/transitions responsibilities because I really enjoy CSS3's capabilities and wanted to test myself in making a successful piece for the overall project. I was successful in completing that first task and had enough time to take on another task that needed attention which was a hot-tip item that consisted of hover effects, popups and  animation using scale. 

The project felt a little weird because for the first time in six (6) weeks I was not responsible for making something from start to completion. When I was done with my piece it felt like I cheated because I was not fully stressed out and racing against the clock like the prior weeks. It was definately amazing to see how everyones small contribution fit into the big picture and thankfully we came out with two(2) successful projects. I look forward to working more as a team and not so much solo all the time... I feel when we contribute even a little bit of knowledge in a team environment we set off light bulbs for others and brighten ours.

My weeks struggle: Making sure my contribution was 100% because I had a whole team relying on me.

Lesson learned: Take a chance and be the first to volunteer for opportunites that interest you.... even if you have to work double time in finding out how to implement, at least you've learned something new at the emd of the day.
