---
layout: default
---

# Week 4- "The little programmer that could”

So, this was the end of our half-time mark at The Iron Yard. That long check-list of impossible

“To-Do’s” that I mentioned previously…it’s DONE! But hold the applause because “an artist work is never done” but at least the codes are all functional and the whole team and I pulled together to make sure we all made it past the finish line. I have the usual big weekend assignment to work on this weekend but I am feeling a bit better about myself and my overall capabilities.

There was a lot of pairing this week which I really enjoyed. I’ve always preferred working in a group because its amazing how much you can learn from others even on things you do on a daily basis. I was also surprised on how much I was able to help others with the little that I do know of Javascript. I enjoy explaining things I am passionate about to others because it brings me to “my happy place”. Even thought I do get stressed out a bit about mastery of the Javascript language I am still fully aware of the capabilities of the language and that leads to my impatience for being able to master all now, lol.

I can across a site called 2ality.com that had a resource titled “Basic Javascript for the Impatient Programmer” which was a useful tool because I was able to jump to specific topics that I was dealing with at the time and get full descriptions as well as examples.

Although I am excited about next weeks topic of learning HTML and CSS I will still sneak my Javascript practice in. I feel comfortable in HTML and CSS at the moment but I’m sure our Instructor will be more that happy to show me that all I THINK I know, I actually DO NOT know…. I hope that makes sense, I’ve only been speaking Javascript for the last 3 week :/


My weeks struggle: Feeling comfortable saying “I know Javascript!"


Lesson learned: Work with others as much as possible and you will see your way of thinking pushed and your level of knowledge tested.
