{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"2014-09-22-Day-1.md","tooltip":"/_posts/2014-09-22-Day-1.md","value":"TIR Day 1\n\nMy first day at The Iron Yard (TIR) was very exciting. I was looking forward to learning about what was in store for me over the next few weeks. Upon arrival the class was briefed and warned that we were going to have \"information overload\" and that we WILL cry. Yay!\nThe staff also stressed that we were ALL a team and to make it through we had to help each other -- similar to the real world enviroment I assume. From my experience when you work in a team and the project fails or misses important deadline because ONE piece of that puzzle wasn't done then the WHOLE  team fails because we did not produce the outcome we aimed for. \n\nIt was a very long and tiring day as I took in information on all these different tools that we would be using such as \nGithub, Git, Dash, Xcode, and BaseCamp management system just to name a few — along with tutorials on terminal commands, branches, forking, pulling, pushing, merging and so on! And this was all in ONE day. \n\nMy goal is to redo all my exercises so I can master the process of version control as I see why this is VERY crucial to a production workflow. I’m excited to learn more about all the tools used in the \"real world\" of development. Time to hit the tuts!\n\nMy “take-away” for the day: Take time to really learn the way things work and why particular steps are needed. It will leave you with a better understanding in the long run.\n","undoManager":{"mark":-1,"position":9,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1}},"text":"-"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":1},"end":{"row":0,"column":2}},"text":"-"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":1,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":1,"column":1}},"text":"-"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":1,"column":1},"end":{"row":1,"column":2}},"text":"-"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":1,"column":2},"end":{"row":2,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeLines","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":2,"column":0}},"nl":"\n","lines":["--","--"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":8}},"text":"IR Day 1"},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":8},"end":{"row":1,"column":0}},"text":"\n"},{"action":"insertLines","range":{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":0}},"lines":["","My first day at The Iron Yard (TIR) was very exciting. I was looking forward to learning about what was in store for me over the next few weeks. Upon arrival the class was briefed and warned that we were going to have \"information overload\" and that we WILL cry. Yay!","The staff also stressed that we were ALL a team and to make it through we had to help each other -- similar to the real world enviroment I assume. From my experience when you work in a team and the project fails or misses important deadline because ONE piece of that puzzle wasn't done then the WHOLE  team fails because we did not produce the outcome we aimed for. ","","It was a very long and tiring day as I took in information on all these different tools that we would be using such as ","Github, Git, Dash, Xcode, and BaseCamp management system just to name a few — along with tutorials on terminal commands, branches, forking, pulling, pushing, merging and so on! And this was all in ONE day. ","","My goal is to redo all my exercises so I can master the process of version control as I see why this is VERY crucial to a production workflow. I’m excited to learn more about all the tools used in the \"real world\" of development. Time to hit the tuts!","","My “take-away” for the day: Take time to really learn the way things work and why particular steps are needed. It will leave you with a better understanding in the long run."]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1}},"text":"T"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":3}},"text":"TIR"},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":3}},"text":"TIR"}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1411685522066}